SPEAKER: "Can't bind a
[? prop ?] name because it
isn't a known property
of [? node ?]."."
You may encounter
this error when
you attempt to
bind to a property
or attribute of an
element, but that property
is unknown to Angular.
It may be unknown for
a variety of reasons.
If it's an Angular
component, it might
be missing the input decorator
on the component definition.
But if it's a
native HTML element,
it may be a property
that just does not exist.
Or if you happen to be working
with custom elements or web
components, there may be
additional configuration
required to bind to
custom properties.
Let's start with a quick review
of how property binding works
in Angular.
Then we'll examine several
reproductions and resolutions
for the issue.
In an Angular template,
we can bind to a property
by wrapping it in brackets,
then provide an expression
on the right side.
When the value in the
expression changes,
the bound property and UI
will be updated automatically.
In most cases, you'll run into
issues with unknown properties
when working with your
own custom components.
In our code, we have an item
component with a name property.
Then in the app
component template,
we reference the app-item
component and attempt to bind
to the name property.
But currently,
Angular tells us it
can't bind to name
since it isn't
a known property of app-item.
We can address the
issue by going back
into our item component
and adding the Input
decorator to the name property.
The Input decorator allows
data to be bound or passed
in from the outside of the
component via the template.
In other words, if a property
is not specified as an input,
it can't be used with
brackets for data
binding in the template.
It's also worth
noting that you can
pass an argument to
the Input decorator
to change the name
of the property.
That allows you to use a
different name in the template
than is used as the property
name in the component itself.
In addition to your
custom components,
you might also run into
this issue with native HTML
elements.
With the default
configuration, you
can only bind to properties
that the Angular compiler
knows about.
When working with
native HTML elements,
it knows about the
properties and attributes
from the HTML standard spec.
For example, here we
have an input element
and we're binding to the value
attribute on that element.
At this point, there's no
error, because value is
a valid attribute on an input.
But if we attempt to bind to an
attribute that does not exist,
then Angular will
throw an error.
There's probably
not a good reason
to bind to a property
that does not
exist on a native HTML element.
However, it is possible
to tell Angular to ignore
this error within an NgModule.
Angular core contains
a NO_ERRORS_SCHEMA,
which we can add to the schemas
array inside an NgModule
decorator.
Notice how the error disappears
when we update the schema.
But keep in mind,
this is generally
a technique that you should
only use as a last resort
because it will bypass
the error altogether,
which may lead to uncaught
issues and unstable code
in the future.
Now, one other area you
may encounter this error
is when working with web
components or custom elements.
When working with
a custom element,
it may be perfectly acceptable
to bind to a property
that Angular does
not know about.
We can tell Angular to
bypass the error in a more
conservative way by
applying the custom element
schema in the NgModule.
This will tell Angular to
bypass the known property
error on custom elements like
your own Angular components
or third party web components.
That allows you to bind to any
property on a custom element,
but you'll still get
errors when attempting
to bind to a non-existent
property on a native HTML
element.
Let's go ahead and recap.
When you encounter "Can't bind
to [? prop ?] name since it
isn't a known property
of [? node ?],","
you'll first want to verify
that the prop name is known
to Angular, while native
HTML elements should only use
properties based on
the actual HTML spec.
When working with
custom elements,
you can bypass the error by
applying the custom element
schema in an NgModule.
Or as a last resort, you
can bypass it altogether
with the NO_ERRORS_SCHEMA.
For additional
details and examples,
check out the property binding
guide in the official Angular
documentation.